not a lot hello all its sleep racer with
nerd berry and we're here to take a look
at the z3 unboxing find out what all
comes in the box gotta give you a little
comparison between the z3 and as the 30
side by side front back all the way
around so let's just put this 30 out of
the way and let's dig into the z3 now
first of all as you can see beautiful
styling box it's got black berry right
here on the side as normal all of your
instructions or warnings and so on and
so forth
all right there on the back of the box
you can see all of the barcodes this is
actually where to go I just saw it this
is st j 101 and the region for this one
is actually in indonesia i've already
unboxed it taking a look at the device
powered it up charged it put a screen
protector on it I took a Z 30 screen
protector and cut it down a little bit
just keep the screen pristine and let's
dig into the box itself as you can see
the box is a lot thinner than you know
what we've been seeing with does e30 the
z10 and the Q tens so on and so forth so
in the box of course you got your z30
our C's my z3 and we'll pop that out and
then we'll just set that to the side and
dig into what's all in the box let's
start with this we've got our little
QuickStart guide for the z3
all of your warning instructions what
not to do what to do so on and so forth
you know it's blackberry we all know how
to to make them work and run the well I
they do not give you the premium
headsets like I've seen in the Z 30 and
because EEP 10 I believe had it along
with the q10 just a regular basic
headset because this device is for
Indonesia they do only give you the
bigots of 220 plug of course we can't
use these here in the US so that's
garbage to me but what I can use is the
micro USB cable which they happily
included I do have plenty of chargers so
I'm not worried about that especially
because I use the PlayBook premium
charge all my devices so let's kind of
take a look at the z3 itself close this
box up get it out of the way as you can
see it does have a nice rubberized
texture on the back it's a lot different
than what we've seen on the the Z 30
with the smooth carbon glass your
speaker's down here which is kind of
raised up just a hair right there got a
little lip you can it although you can
see it on the camera but yeah there you
go
it looks like a microphone here you've
got your charging port at the bottom
which is really nice I kind of like the
charging port at the bottom versus the
side of the device you've got your own
off power switch your volume rocker up
down and the voice controls there swipe
it up looks just like a normal Z Z 10
device let's check out what OS it's
running real quick this one's actually
running 10 to 1.27 88 so it's a fairly
newer OS from what we've seen I did
stick my t-mobile SIM card in here
it is pulling for G it is not pulling 4G
LTE so you know if you want a decent
device at a reasonable price the z3 is
definitely the way to go but if you want
L to eat the Z tart the xxx or the z10
would be the you know my way to go so
basically all of your icons are still
the same nothing's really changed there
of course when I booted the device up
there was a ton of app updates which I
did already run it's in here and now
like I said this is only on Wi-Fi right
now so no SIM card in there and
unfortunately my Wi-Fi is kind of slow
today so let's take a look at the screen
between both devices ticket love kind of
hold it oh there we go as you can see
you know we've got different background
right now on my phone so icons are this
you know the same size display is the
same size resolutions a little bit off
to me not not off but it's not as clear
to me as the Z 30 as you can see maybe
you can maybe you can't through the lens
of the camera I'm not a hundred percent
sure but all in all you got your squared
edges and on the 30 it's all rounded so
it's almost like to me it's almost like
a Nokia device where it's all squared
off which is kind of nice it feels good
in your hand
thickness wise to against the 30 they're
close to the same it's not much
difference let's give you a full side
view
part of you
and then your top view now as we all
know you have to take the battery door
cover off on the 32 put your SIM card a
microSD card in with the z3 it's also
still unit but I've seen videos where
the battery door actually gets pulled
off for a flip shell case I have not
attempted to pull the case are the back
battery door off yet but if you flip
this door up you got your SIM card and
your micro SD card at the top both just
slide it in there push it in and locks
into place
and then you just close it back up and
it becomes one part of the device so
overall look and feel of the z3 versus
the z30
it's a very nice very well made device
I'm going to be testing out giving it my
daily driver dosage probably over the
weekend and a report back with more as I
gets another device a little bit better
this is sleep racer signing off see you